README.md, before:

# ARCHLINUXPROFILE-DOTFILES

> 🚀 Configuración personal completa para Arch Linux con Hyprland, Neovim, Zsh, Waybar y más.  
> Automatiza la instalación y personalización de tu sistema desde cero.

---

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

- [INTRODUCTION](#introduction)  
- [SCREENSHOTS](#screenshots)  
- [INSTALLATION FROM SCRATCH](#installation-from-scratch)  
- [FEATURES](#features)  
- [REPOSITORY STRUCTURE](#repository-structure)  
- [NOTES](#notes)  
- [CREDITS](#credits)  

---

## INTRODUCTION

ArchLinuxProfile-dotfiles is a repository containing **personal dotfiles and scripts** to set up a modern Arch Linux system with:

- **Shell:** Zsh + Powerlevel10k  
- **Terminal:** Kitty  
- **Editor:** Neovim with Lazy.nvim and personal plugins  
- **Graphical Environment:** Hyprland + Waybar + Hyprpaper + Hyprlock  
- **Utilities:** Neofetch, Fastfetch, pywal, htop, wofi, network tools  

The goal is to **set up a full system from scratch** with one command and have your environment ready to use.

---

## SCREENSHOTS

Include screenshots for better visual appeal:

1. **Hyprland Environment Desktop:**
   <img width="1920" height="1080" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d840db14-bc9d-464c-8473-dee36726c8a2" />
  
2. **Neovim:**
   <img width="1920" height="1080" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5d7a63a2-0980-45a8-8918-f97b773b8baa" />
   <img width="1920" height="1080" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7239df12-ad01-429a-bcb2-7bb1c867728f" />

3. **Terminal:**
   <img width="1920" height="1080" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/32134acd-cdca-4f18-8607-99c9b3938947" />
" />

Commit message:

Revise README with updated terminal and install command
Updated the README to reflect changes in the terminal and added a note about the install command.

README.md, after:

# ARCHLINUXPROFILE-DOTFILES

> 🚀 Configuración personal completa para Arch Linux con Hyprland, Neovim, Zsh, Waybar y más.  
> Automatiza la instalación y personalización de tu sistema desde cero.

---

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

- [INTRODUCTION](#introduction)  
- [SCREENSHOTS](#screenshots)  
- [INSTALLATION FROM SCRATCH](#installation-from-scratch)  
- [FEATURES](#features)  
- [REPOSITORY STRUCTURE](#repository-structure)  
- [NOTES](#notes)  
- [CREDITS](#credits)  

---

## INTRODUCTION

ArchLinuxProfile-dotfiles is a repository containing **personal dotfiles and scripts** to set up a modern Arch Linux system with:

- **Shell:** Zsh + Powerlevel10k  
- **Terminal:** Foot  
- **Editor:** Neovim with Lazy.nvim and personal plugins  
- **Graphical Environment:** Hyprland + Waybar + Hyprpaper + Hyprlock  
- **Utilities:** Neofetch, Fastfetch, pywal, htop, wofi, network tools  

The goal is to **set up a full system from scratch** with one command and have your environment ready to use.
This command is the install.sh

---

## SCREENSHOTS

Include screenshots for better visual appeal:

1. **Hyprland Environment Desktop:**
   <img width="1920" height="1080" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d840db14-bc9d-464c-8473-dee36726c8a2" />
  
2. **Neovim:**
   <img width="1920" height="1080" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5d7a63a2-0980-45a8-8918-f97b773b8baa" />
   <img width="1920" height="1080" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7239df12-ad01-429a-bcb2-7bb1c867728f" />

3. **Terminal:**
   <img width="1920" height="1080" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/32134acd-cdca-4f18-8607-99c9b3938947" />
" />
